Integration testing task. (#1606)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: tests/README.rst

This directory contains the Pytest tests which depend on a Salesforce org

> or other remote services.

Reviewer: Does this file belong in /tests/integration instead of /tests?

Pytest integration tests are hidden from ordinary `pytest` because they are in
a different directory.

> You can invoke these test with the CCI task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can invoke these tests with the command:
```
